[core] Add localization (#18219)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/localization/localization.md

# Localization

<p class="description">Localization (also referred to as "l10n") is the process of adapting a product or content to a specific locale or market.</p>

> The default locale of Material-UI is English (United States). If you want to use other locales, you can follow the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default locale of Material-UI is English (United States). If you want to use other locales, follow the instructions below.
```

## Locale text

> Use the theme to configure the locale text globally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the theme to configure the locale text globally:
```
?

```jsx
import { createMuiTheme, ThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/core/styles';
import { zhCN } from '@material-ui/core/locale';

const theme = createMuiTheme({
  palette: {
    primary: { main: '#1976d2' },
  },
}, zhCN);

<ThemeProvider theme={theme}>
  <App />
</ThemeProvider>
```

### Supported locales

| Locale | BCP 47 language tag | Import name
|:-------|:---------|:---------|
| Chinese (Simplified) | zh-CN | `zhCN` |
| English (United States) | en-US | `enUS` |
| French | fr-FR | `frFR` |
| German | de-DE |  `deDE` |
| Japanese | ja-JP | `jaJP` |
| Portuguese (Brazil) | pt-BR | `ptBR` |
| Persian | fa-IR | `faIR` |
| Russian | ru-RU | `ruRU` |
| Spanish | es-ES | `esES` |

> You can find the [sources](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/locale/index.js) in the GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [find the source](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/locale/index.js) in the GitHub repository.
```

(I never quite know how much text to include in the link, but in any case "source" rather than "sources".)

> 

Reviewer: To create your own translation, or to customise the English text, copy this file to your project, make any changes needed and import the locale from there. (Please do consider contributing new translations back to Material-UI by opening a pull request.)

### Example

{{"demo": "pages/guides/localization/Locales.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

## RTL Support

> Right-to-left languages are Arabic, Hebrew, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right-to-left languages such as Arabic or Hebrew are supported.
```

> Follow [the guide](/guides/right-to-left/) to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [this guide](/guides/right-to-left/) to use them.
```
